Hello and welcome to this new editorial this one is going to be exciting because this is the beginning
of the whole construction of the NTN art and model because indeed our first phase here is to build the
Arnon part of the Indian art and not all that is exactly this part here.
You know we have these two components the Ornan which will get the inputs meaning the in state.
The last action played in the last Laytonville to Z and which will return as output the new Hillen state
and the deterministic latent vector which will then be stochastic simpled from this probability density
function Bizet which is nothing else than this probability of the next latent vector Z conditionally
to the last action played last late latent vector and last hidden state.
So right now we're about to build this part and we will build that in three steps.
First step will be to build the LACMA cell inside the Arnon.
Then second step will be to add to drop out to three elements inside the Arnon which will be first to
record and drop out inside the stem cell.
Then the input drop out of the inputs and the output drops out for the output layer.
And then the third and final step we will wrap everything meaning the LSD himself connected to the inputs
and the output and to which we add the drop are regularisation into the whole record a neural network
model.
And this is the general blueprint of building a record or a neural network with tensor flow.
So whenever you want to build the same for another application Well you can just follow again this blueprint
in three steps.
First you build the elist himself.
Second you add the drop out.
And third you wrap everything into the whole Arnon model.
And that's why I've prepared for you the length and the tense of float condition which will contain
all the tools for these three steps.
So remember the first step to build the elist himself will be done.
Thanks to the Leonora's basic LACMA Cell class by tensor flow.
Then to add to drop out we will use the drop out wrapper for the inputs and outputs and then however
to add the drop out for the LACMA GM we'll just use that drop out the proper Ramanna here.
And then last step to wrap the whole thing.
That is the elist himself connected to the inputs and outputs Plus the dropout added to them.
We will use dynamic arland function which will indeed take and put the ELAS himself plus the input to
which we will have to drop out at it optional.
And then of course this will return the outputs.
All right so let's do this let's do these three steps and we're going to start with the first one meaning
we're going to build the elist himself with the right number of units.
So I'm going to go beyond this because we will create this LSD himself as an object of the laser non-basic
LACMA cell and therefore back on by then.
Here we go.
Let's introduce a new variable here that will go self on the score F and for function because it's going
to be the object of this little known basic LCN cell class.
But we won't add the arguments yet because we will do this when adding the dropouts with some if conditions
y if condition.
That's because we want to give us the options actually to add these dropouts.
So we might you know activated drop out on the test himself but deactivate it on the input or the output.
So we want to give us these options.
And the way we're going to do this is by creating three variables.
Each one will be a boolean true false for whether or not we're going to activate each of these three
dropout.
So speaking of these boolean variables Let's create them right now.
The first one will be for the record and drop out.
Add it to the LSC himself.
And we're going to call that boolean variable use record and drop out which will be equal to false if.
And now to understand we need to go back to this little known basic LSD himself recommendation because
indeed among the arguments of this class we have this dropout key parameter which will be a number between
0 and 1 and which will basically be the rate of units inside the LACMA cell that will be kept activated
meaning you know that won't be dropped out or activated during the training because that's what dropout
is about.
This is a regularization technique which allows to avoid overfilling by activating some of the neurons
or some of the units inside.
LS himself in a parameter a data step.
And so this is very effective and that's why right now we want to add the drop out to indeed do some
regularization to avoid overfitting.
And so what I was saying is that this dropout keep up Raemer is a number between 0 0 1 and therefore
if it is equal to 1 that means that we're going to keep older units activated inside the elist himself
during the training and therefore drop out won't be activated.
So what we're going to do now is back on by then we are going to deactivate dropout meaning we're going
to set this used record and dropout to false.
If one of our hyper parameters which is in our self that HPF hyper parampara object and which is called
use record Hrant dropout is equal to zero because indeed if this is you go to zero.
That means basically that this kid from drop out Berrent will be equal to one meaning that we won't
apply any dropout.
And so if that is equal to zero use record and drove it will be equal to force and that will be the
option where we don't want to activate dropout for the LACMA you know the record and drop out.
All right.
And then however else if that same use record and drop out parameter is different than zero then in
that case dropout will be activated and so will said that use record and about boolean variable to truth
and perfect.
Now we're going to do exactly the same for the other ones meaning for the other to drop out.
The first one for the use input dropout which will be same false if the user input drop out from our
HPH hyper parental object is equal to zero and else it will be equal to true meaning that will have
indeed dropout activated for the input.
And then lastly we can actually copy this use input drop out because now what I want to do is exactly
the same for the output this time.
So I'm going to replace it in here by out and in here by out again.
So that if this used output drop out parameter is equal to zero then use up drop will be equal to false
meaning we won't have dropout activated for the output.
And as if it is different than zero than the drop out for the Apple will be equal to true meaning that
we will activate drop out for the output with a stern keep a parameter which no worries will specify
right after this.
So first thing done we basically created some booleans which will allow us to give us the options to
activate dropouts for each of the three elements input output or LACMA cell.
And now speaking of giving us these options.
Well let's implement that right away and we're going to do that with some if conditions starting with
the first one.
If our use record and drop out boolean variable is equal to true which we don't have to specify because
truth is the default value of a boolean then in that case what will we do.
Well if this used record in dhrupad is equal to true that means that we want to activate dropout to
the same cell and therefore what we'll do is create a new variable which will be our final LACMA cell
and which will be that cell if an object variable from the Leonore's basic LACMA cell class by sense
of flow to which we will input the right arguments so that we can have to drop out.
And speaking of this argument you might guess that the one which will specify that do we want some trouble
activated will be this one drop out kid prob which will therefore be a number of you know one because
one means that we're keeping all the units activated.
All right but first let's implement the other arguments starting with number of units.
And we're going to get these arguments with Again our hyper Berrent object H P S which contains basically
all the hype Renner's of the regular neural network and the name for the number of units is not going
to be Nominet but the author chose to call it Arnon size.
Right the number of units in the elist themselves.
And then let's take care of the other arguments.
So it won't be this one this one or that one because we're going to keep the default values.
However we're going to give a different value to this one which is basically the option of normalizing
the layer in the basic cell and the default value is true but we will give us the option to have true
or false.
And the way we're going to do this is by entering a norm here which is just the name of the argument
and then what we can do is create another option as the ones we created here.
But this time for the normalization So for example let's say that low norm is going to be use later
norm and this used layer Gnome is going to be an other Boullion as what we did here only to create it.
We're just going to replace use output drop out by use LAYER norm and then same use LAYER norm.
Right here because it did use LAYER norm is actually another type of parameter inside our HP is hyper
parameter object.
And so here just doing this new line of code gives us a new boolean which will be equal to false if
they use the norm in the hyper parameters is equal to zero and true otherwise.
All right.
Perfect for that new argument.
And then of course now is the time to specify that we indeed want drop out because this is indeed a
condition where use recommends are about equal to true.
So we're going to get that final drop out.
Keep a parameter for the LACMA cell.
So I'm copying this.
And here we're going to paste that and we're going to set that equal to another parameters of our hyper
parameters object which is called directorates dropouts Propp.
All right so that's the name for that exact keep drub parameter that number between 0 0 1 and which
will get basically the rate of the units that will be kept activated inside the elist himself.
All right.
So all good here.
We basically added the drop out for the elist himself a record and dropout and now else.
Meaning if used record and dropout equals false then in that case we're going to do exactly the same
you know getting the final sale.
But this time of course with out the dropout.
All right.
Very simply because by default the drop out key parameter is one meaning that we're keeping all the
units activated in the SDMI cell and therefore that means that we don't add any drop out.
All right.
Now let's do the same for the other two drop out for the inputs and outputs and so to do that efficiently
I'm going to copy this first if because this time we're not going to have an if else condition.
But just an if condition.
And the reason is that we're going to add the drop out with this drop out wrapper class which is only
the class used to adage about for both the input and the output.
And so we could add the drop out for both the input and the output at the same time.
But since you know we want to have an option of adding For example a drop out to the input but not to
the output or the other way.
Well we will do two if conditions here inside which will have the separate option to add the drop out
to the input and at the drop out to the output.
So here I'm going to replace use Recker and drop out by use input dropout.
And here I'm going to replace use recommend repelled by use output dropout.
And then of course now we're going to remove that because that was the previous way of how we could
at the drop out of the elist himself.
Now we're going to use another way which will be to drop our wrapper class by tens of flow and therefore
here to add the drop out to the inputs.
Well of course we're going to use this drop our wrapper class.
And so let's get back to the documentation.
This one.
Now we're going to take of this which is the name of the class and or the path to get it from tens of
flow.
And inside this class we will put the right arguments which will allow to activate drop out for the
input.
And so as you can see the first argument is the cell and which is exactly the cell we created here and
which was updated with about activated or not whether we want to use the record drop out.
And so that's the cell here.
Then the next argument here we go is the one we're interested in right now to at the drop out of the
input.
And so we're going to put this argument which I'm going to copy here in put keep up by default this
argument is equal to one meaning that we're keeping all the input units activated but since right now
we want to use dropout.
That means that we want to have some other value between therefore 0 and 1 excluded.
And this value we will get it again from our hyper parameter HP s variable object from which we're going
to get that exact input key parameter which has the following name input dropouts drop and that's it.
And of course we don't need an else here because if else you know this is equal to false then the cell
will just keep being this one.
You know with either the record about activated or deactivated because the only argument we had to endure
here was that it would keep up value which is equal to one by default.
And now let's do the same for the output dropout.
And therefore I'm going to take that again paste pasted here.
And of course I'm going to replace your input by output and same here input by output.
And here we go.
Now we've just implemented the options to add separately some drop out to the elist himself the input
and output.
So that's a good thing done.
The second step in the process of building a record new that work I want to precise here this is the
general blueprint of how we can build a record of neural network with an LSD himself and drop out.
Activate it.
So if you want to use that for another application you can still follow this process.
And now the next step is to create a new object variable which will be that elist himself with drop
out at it or not and to do this well very simply we just need to create a new object variable which
we'll call self that cell and which will be of course equal to that LSD himself that we've just created
with these optional drop out and so cell that cell equal cell and now congratulations you implemented
an LSD cell with an optional troubles inside a record a neural network.
And speaking of record a neural network that leads us to the next step which is to wrap all that with
the inputs and outputs inside the whole record a neural network and to do this well we're going to use
our final tool which is a dynamic Arnon function.
So let's do that final big step in the next to Tauriel.
And until then enjoy AI.